Level 2
Starts in A4.

A1
Dungeon
6 Cells, each with a barred opening in the ceiling, a door in the bars, a damp pad of straw, and a latrine hole.
Their is a trapdoor in the ceiling of the central corridor with a ladder leading up to level 1.
Dim light.  The northeast cell has a secret door (a removable stone) leading to area 2.
Prisoners: Oren (from lvl 0) Unconscious, broken rib, concussed

A2
Well
The water is about 10' deep.
The passages leading into and out of this area are small (you have to crawl).
20' above is a windlass with a bucket and a rope, the walls slope slightly in and are slick (very difficult climb).

A3
Crypt
The eastern wall contains an altar on which burns a small brazier and a few large candles, dimly lighting the eastern 30' or so of the room.  The rest of the room is dark.
Lined along the western wall are large urns. Some contain ashes, others contain embalming fluids. There is also a large chest holding bundles of herbs, incense, and candles.  A secret door (covered by a loose stone) behind one of the urns, leads to A2.
The north and south walls have niches containing sarcophogi, each with the embalmed body of a deceased devotee of Ayat.
The altar contains a secret compartment with a poisoned needle trap (DC 15, 2d8 dmg) and containing treasure horde #2.
2 chrysophrase (transparent green), 50 gp each
3 Potions of healing
Potion of Climbing
2000 cp, 1600 sp, 70 gp

A4
Dungeon
6 Cells, each with a barred opening in the ceiling, a door in the bars, a damp pad of straw, and a latrine hole.
There is a trapdoor in the ceiling of the central corridor with a ladder leading up to level 1.
Dim light.
This is the starting point of the adventure.
Other prisoner: Damelon (minor scrapes, unkempt now) (from lvl 0) 
Tells the players (if they take him with) that their gear is in storage in A3 (lvl 1)

A5
Dungeon
6 Cells, each with a barred opening in the ceiling, a door in the bars, a damp pad of straw, and a latrine hole.
There is a trapdoor in the ceiling of the central corridor with a ladder leading up to level 1.
Dim light.
Other prisoner: Bannock (sober now), Henna (battered, sprained ankle) (from lvl 0)

A6
Small room with stairs up to level 1.

A7
Temple
Floor is red marble with red veins.
Pillars are polished black granite.
There is a raised platform on the east side of the room with.
The center of the platform is inscribed with a circle surrounded by arcane symbols.
Standing in the circle and reciting the phrase "Ayat Sib Incatat" creates a Shield spell enclosing the circle that lasts until the user leaves the circle or becomes unconscious.
1 Acolyte (Manfred), 1 animated armor
personal treasure

A8
Study
1st level spell scroll (Jump)
2nd level spell scroll (Darkness) DC 12 to cast

A9
Bedroom

A10
Bath

A11
Latrine

A12
Guardroom
4 guards (Eckart, Sepp, Bastian, Till), 2 mastiffs
After 2 rounds, cultist and additional mastiffs from A13 arrive

A13
Robing room
2 mastiffs, 1 cultist (Bianka)
After 2 round, guards and additional mastifss from A12 arrive
Treasure:
Cloth of gold vestments (x2, 25gp each)
Small gold bracelet (25 gp)
Pair of engraved bone dice (x2, 25 gp each)
1900 cp, 1100 sp, 90 gp (from offerings)

A14
Workshop

A15
Storage room
Large crank with coiled chain around drum on north wall by portcullis (opens portcullis)
Table on middle of south wall holds 2 large lamb shanks tied together with rope.
Throwing the lamb shanks through the portcullis bars into A16 causes the wolf spiders to reveal themselves.
If the party waits for the spiders to take the lamb shanks they don't attack when entering A16

A16
Giant wolf spider lair
(See A15 as well)
2 giant wolf spiders, 1 insect swarm (swarm of baby giant spiders)
The insect swarm attacks when spider #2 is bloodied. They emerge from a silk enclosure attached to the body of the spider.

A17
Empty cavern

A18
Cavern
1 Thug (Valeska), 2 guards (Ingomar, Volker), 2 mastiffs
The thug and 2 guards are using this chamber as a treasure chamber to hold treasures they have either stolen from the cultists or taken from prisoners.
They believe there may be a vein of ore in this chamber and have been digging along the south wall.
Treasure:
Gold locket w/ painted portrait (25 gp)
Copper chalice w/ silver filigree (25 gp)
2100 cp, 900 sp, 90 gp

A19
Empty cavern

A20
Guard cavern
1 thug (Aaron), 1 acolyte (Janina), 1 cultist (Walter), 1 guard (Gerhold), 1 mastiff, 1 poison snake
Poison snake is hidden in robes of cultist, first attack as reaction to melee attack on cultist

A21
Empty cavern

A22
Empty cavern

A23
Empty cavern

A24
Giant rat lair
1 giant rat, 4 rat swarms

A25
The passage leading to this area is a steep slope covered with loose stones and pebbles.
At the bottom can be seen a body partially buried under stones wearing metal armor (appears to be plate).
There is also a large wooden beam lying horizontally across the floor.
Hidden under the pebbles at the top of the passage is a snare trap.
When triggered, the snare trap closes around the triggering person's legs.
A small boulder is released and begins to roll down the slope pulling the victim along.
At the bottom of the slope the wooden beam rotates up revealing large iron spikes lying pointed up the slope.
DC 15 to detect, 2d10 damage.

A26
Guard cavern
1 scarecrow, 1 animated armor, 1 cultist (Ottmar)
The cultist speaks a code phrase "Expair Gescimini Daeminium!" to activate the scarecrow and animated armor.
The scarecrow appears as a suite of leather armor stuffed with straw.
The scarecrow is lying on a table in the center of the room. The cultist is busy repairing the leather.
The animated armor emerges after 1 round from the north passage when activated.

A27
Kennel chamber
1 death dog, 4 mastiffs, 1 cultist (Falk)

A28
At the beginning of the passage leading to this area, an arrow pointing towards A28 has been chalked onto the wall.
The last 5' section of this area is a pit.  Chalked onto the wall over the pit is an arrow pointing down.
The 5' section adjacent to the pit is a wooden platform concealed to appear as a section of the passage floor.
Standing on this section to peer into the pit triggers the platform to tip into the pit.
DC 15 to detect, 2d8 damage (People on back half of platform have a DC 15 acrobatics check to avoid falling into the pit)

A29
Empty cavern

A30
Empty cavern

A31
This cavern emerges out into a shallow ravine.
1 cult fanatic (Walter),  1 acolyte (Ursel)

A32
A large dented iron chest sits near the back wall of the shallow alcove on the western side of this chamber.
Attempting to open the chest triggers a collapsing beam trap, dropping heavy rocks into the space around the chest.
DC 12 to detect, 2d6 damage











